Update pd-ctl docs (#3280)
pingcap/docs: pd-control.md

- `enable-replace-offline-replica` is used to enable the feature of migrating OfflineReplica. When you set it to `false`, PD does not migrate the offline replicas.

- `enable-make-up-replica` is used to enable the feature of making up replicas. When you set it to `false`, PD does not adding replicas for Regions without sufficient replicas.

- `enable-remove-extra-replica` is used to enable the feature of removing extra replicas. When you set it to `false`, PD does not remove extra replicas for Regions with redundant replicas.

- `enable-location-replacement` is used to enable the isolation level check. When you set it to `false`, PD does not improve the isolation level of Region replicas by scheduling.

- `enable-debug-metrics` is used to enable the debug metrics. When you set it to `true`, PD will open some metrics, such as balance-tolerant-size and op influence.

- `store-limit-mode` has two mode for setting limit: auto or manual, an auto-set value can be overwritten by a manual-set value, otherwise it is forbidden (experimental). 

> 

Reviewer: Do we need to introduce how to use `placement-rules`?

- `enable-placement-rules` is used to enable placement rules.

- `store-limit-mode` is used to control the mode of the store speed limit mechanism. There are two modes: `auto` and `manual`. In `auto` mode, the stores are automatically ba
lanced according to load (experimental).

#### `config placement-rules [disable | enable | load | save | show]`

> The usage can be found in [Configure rules](configure-placement-rules.md#Configure-rules)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The usage can be found in [Configure rules](/configure-placement-rules.md#configure-rules)
```

> ......

Reviewer: member output
```
>> member                               // Display the information of all members
{
  "header":{......},
  "members": [......],
  "leader": {......},
  "etcd_leader": {......},
}
```

>> scheduler config balance-hot-region-scheduler  // Display the configuration of the balance-hot-region scheduler
```

#### `scheduler config balance-hot-region-scheduler`

Use this command to view and control the `balance-hot-region-scheduler` policy.

Usage:

```bash
>> scheduler config balance-hot-region-scheduler  // Display all configuration of the balance-hot-region scheduler
{
  "min-hot-byte-rate": 100,
  "min-hot-key-rate": 10,
  "max-zombie-rounds": 3,
  "max-peer-number": 1000,
  "byte-rate-rank-step-ratio": 0.05,
  "key-rate-rank-step-ratio": 0.05,
  "count-rank-step-ratio": 0.01,
  "great-dec-ratio": 0.95,
  "minor-dec-ratio": 0.99,
  "src-tolerance-ratio": 1.02,
  "dst-tolerance-ratio": 1.02
}
```

- `min-hot-byte-rate` means the smallest byte counted, which is usually 100.

    ```bash
    >> scheduler config balance-hot-region-scheduler set min-hot-byte-rate 100
    ```

- `min-hot-key-rate` means the smallest key counted, which is usually 10.

    ```bash
    >> scheduler config balance-hot-region-scheduler set min-hot-key-rate 10
    ```

> - `max-zombie-rounds` means the maximum number of heartbeat thatan operator is considered as a pending influence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `max-zombie-rounds` means the maximum number of heartbeat that an operator is considered as a pending influence. If it is adjusted larger, more operators may be included in pending influence, and usually, we do not need to adjust it.
```

> `max-zombie-rounds` means the maximum number of heartbeats with which an operator can be considered as the pending influence. If you set it to a larger value, more operators might be included in the pending influence. Usually, you do not need to adjust its value. Pending influence refers to the operator influence that is generated during scheduling but still has an effect.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `max-zombie-rounds` means the maximum number of heartbeats with which an operator can be considered as the pending influence. If you set it to a larger value, more operators might be included in the pending influence. Usually, you do not need to adjust its value. Pending influence refers to the operator influence that is generated during scheduling but still has an effect.
```

>> scheduler config balance-hot-region-scheduler  // Display the configuration of the balance-hot-region scheduler
```

#### `scheduler config balance-hot-region-scheduler`

Use this command to view and control the `balance-hot-region-scheduler` policy.

Usage:

```bash
>> scheduler config balance-hot-region-scheduler  // Display all configuration of the balance-hot-region scheduler
{
  "min-hot-byte-rate": 100,
  "min-hot-key-rate": 10,
  "max-zombie-rounds": 3,
  "max-peer-number": 1000,
  "byte-rate-rank-step-ratio": 0.05,
  "key-rate-rank-step-ratio": 0.05,
  "count-rank-step-ratio": 0.01,
  "great-dec-ratio": 0.95,
  "minor-dec-ratio": 0.99,
  "src-tolerance-ratio": 1.02,
  "dst-tolerance-ratio": 1.02
}
```

- `min-hot-byte-rate` means the smallest byte counted, it is usually 100

    ```bash
    >> scheduler config balance-hot-region-scheduler set min-hot-byte-rate 100
    ```

- `min-hot-key-rate` means the smallest key counted, it is usually 10

    ```bash
    >> scheduler config balance-hot-region-scheduler set min-hot-key-rate 10
    ```

> - `max-zombie-rounds` means the maximum number of heartbeat thatan operator is considered as a pending influence.

Author: @lhy1024 PTAL

    ```

### `store [delete | label | weight | remove-tombstone | limit | limit-scene] <store_id>  [--jq="<query string>"]`

Use this command to view the store information or remove a specified store. For a jq formatted output, see [jq-formatted-json-output-usage](#jq-formatted-json-output-usage).

Usage:

```bash
>> store                               // Display information of all stores
{
  "count": 3,
  "stores": [...]
}
>> store 1                             // Get the store with the store id of 1
  ......
>> store delete 1                      // Delete the store with the store id of 1
  ......
>> store label 1 zone cn               // Set the value of the label with the "zone" key to "cn" for the store with the store id of 1
>> store weight 1 5 10                 // Set the leader weight to 5 and region weight to 10 for the store with the store id of 1
>> store remove-tombstone              // Remove stores that are in tombstone state
>> store limit                         // Show limits of adding peer and removing peer operation for all stores
>> store limit add-peer                // Show limits of adding peer operation for all stores

> >> store limit remove-peer             // Show limits of removing peer operation for all stores

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>> store limit remove-peer             // Show the limit of removing-peer operations per minute in all stores
```

> >> store limit all 5                   // Limit 5 adding peer operations and 5 remove peer operations per minute for all stores

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>> store limit all 5                   // Set the limit of adding-peer operations to 5 and the limit of removing-peer operations to 5 per minute for all stores
```

> >> store limit 1 5                     // Limit 5 adding peer operations and 5 remove peer operations per minute for store 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>> store limit 1 5                     // Set the limit of adding-peer operations to 5 and the limit of removing-peer operations to 5 per minute for store 1
```

> >> store limit all 5 add-peer          // Limit 5 adding peer operations per minute for all stores

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>> store limit all 5 add-peer          // Set the limit of adding-peer operations to 5 per minute for all stores
```

> >> store limit 1 5 add-peer            // Limit 5 adding peer operations per minute for store 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>> store limit 1 5 add-peer            // Set the limit of adding-peer operations to 5 per minute for store 1
```

> >> store limit 1 5 remove-peer         // Limit 5 removing peer operations per minute for store 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>> store limit 1 5 remove-peer         // Set the limit of removing-peer operations to 5 per minute for store 1
```

> >> store limit all 5 remove-peer       // Limit 5 removing peer operations per minute for all stores

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>> store limit all 5 remove-peer       // Set the limit of removing-peer operations to 5 per minute for all stores
```

> >> store limit-scene                   // Show all limit scene (experimental)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>> store limit-scene                   // Show all limit scenarios (experimental)
```

{
  "Idle": 100,
  "Low": 50,
  "Normal": 32,
  "High": 12
}

> >> store limit-scene idle 100 // set rate to 100 in the idle scene (experimental)

Reviewer 2: The original version is better?
```suggestion
>> store limit-scene idle 100 // In the scenario of setting load to idle, set the speed limit of adding/deleting peers to 100 per minute (experimental)
```

Author: it is a little different from the original meaning.

```

> > **Notice**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
```

>

> > When using `store limit` command, the original `region-add` and `region-remove` are deprecated, please use `add-peer` and `remove-peer`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> When you use the `store limit` command, the original `region-add` and `region-remove` are deprecated. Use `add-peer` and `remove-peer` instead.
```
